The 'Coffee Shop' area usually contain the following: 'Seating Area', 'Service Area', 'Customer Waiting Area'. 
The 'Seating Area' area usually contain the following: 'Table', 'Chair'. 
The 'Service Area' area usually contain the following: 'Counter', 'Back Storage'. 
The 'Counter' area usually contain the following: 'Cash Register', 'Espresso Machine', 'Pastry Case', 'Mugs', 'Containers for Premade Coffee'. 
The 'Back Storage' area usually contain the following: 'Coffee Machine'. 
The 'Customer Waiting Area' area usually contain the following: 'Pickup Point', 'Menu Board'. 
The relationship between 'Menu Board' (subject) and 'Pickup Point' (object) is 'separate'
The relationship between 'Pickup Point' (subject) and 'Menu Board' (object) is 'separate'
The relationship between 'Table' (subject) and 'Chair' (object) is 'near'
The relationship between 'Service Area' (subject) and 'Customer Waiting Area' (object) is 'near'
The relationship between 'Main Entrance Door' (subject) and 'Coffee Shop' (object) is 'near'
The relationship between 'Seating Area' (subject) and 'Customer Waiting Area' (object) is 'near'
The relationship between 'Espresso Machine' (subject) and 'Cash Register' (object) is 'near'
The relationship between 'Espresso Machine' (subject) and 'Cash Register' (object) is 'functionalDependency'
At the location 'Coffee Shop', it seems that 'Seating Area' and 'Service Area' don't have a fixed spatial relationship (random and inconsistent).
At the location 'Service Area', it seems that 'Counter' and 'Back Storage' don't have a fixed spatial relationship (random and inconsistent).
At the location 'Counter', it seems that 'Cash Register' and 'Pastry Case' don't have a fixed spatial relationship (random and inconsistent).
At the location 'Counter', it seems that 'Cash Register' and 'Mugs' don't have a fixed spatial relationship (random and inconsistent).
At the location 'Counter', it seems that 'Cash Register' and 'Containers for Premade Coffee' don't have a fixed spatial relationship (random and inconsistent).
At the location 'Counter', it seems that 'Espresso Machine' and 'Pastry Case' don't have a fixed spatial relationship (random and inconsistent).
At the location 'Counter', it seems that 'Espresso Machine' and 'Mugs' don't have a fixed spatial relationship (random and inconsistent).
At the location 'Counter', it seems that 'Espresso Machine' and 'Containers for Premade Coffee' don't have a fixed spatial relationship (random and inconsistent).
At the location 'Counter', it seems that 'Pastry Case' and 'Mugs' don't have a fixed spatial relationship (random and inconsistent).
At the location 'Counter', it seems that 'Pastry Case' and 'Containers for Premade Coffee' don't have a fixed spatial relationship (random and inconsistent).
At the location 'Counter', it seems that 'Mugs' and 'Containers for Premade Coffee' don't have a fixed spatial relationship (random and inconsistent).
The 'Counter' separates 'Service Area' from 'Seating Area'.
For the 'Counter' (which separates 'Service Area' from 'Seating Area') is 'passable'.
The 'Counter Access' separates 'Counter' from 'Customer Waiting Area'.
For the 'Counter Access' (which separates 'Counter' from 'Customer Waiting Area') is 'passable'.
When you perform the activity 'Buy Coffee' as the 'Customer', after you 'Enter' at the 'Main Entrance Door', you usually 'Check Menu' at the 'Menu Board'.
When you perform the activity 'Buy Coffee' as the 'Customer', after you 'Check Menu' at the 'Menu Board', you usually 'Order' at the 'Cash Register'.
When you perform the activity 'Buy Coffee' as the 'Customer', after you 'Order' at the 'Cash Register', you usually 'Wait and Collect Coffee' at the 'Pickup Point'.
When you perform the activity 'Make Coffee' as the 'Staff', after you 'Retrieve Coffee Beans' at the 'Containers for Premade Coffee', you usually 'Clean Equipment' at the 'Mugs'.
When you perform the activity 'Make Coffee' as the 'Staff', after you 'Clean Equipment' at the 'Mugs', you usually 'Brew Espresso' at the 'Espresso Machine'.
When you perform the activity 'Make Coffee' as the 'Staff', after you 'Brew Espresso' at the 'Espresso Machine', you usually 'Refill Coffee Reservoir' at the 'Coffee Machine'.
When you perform the activity 'Make Coffee' as the 'Staff', after you 'Refill Coffee Reservoir' at the 'Coffee Machine', you usually 'Serve Drinks' at the 'Counter'.
